I stand on the peak of summer
Why should we cling to the power of others?
On the contrary, Mr. Su is for power
Cruelly kick you away, a person who has loved you for three years
Disgusting
More suitable for Mr. Su
Facts speak louder than words
Time will prove that I am Su Linyan
Nothing wrong, huh?
Gu Lao will return home tomorrow
Help me prepare a thank you dinner
How about the banquet at the Triumph Cloud Pavilion?
The top of Qingzhou has been passed down for a hundred years and is a top pit
You arrange it.
daughter
Come, come, sit down
Good girl
Why don't you see the dragon son-in-law?
Mom, it's a long story.
The Su family raised her for three years
And retaliate like this
Just a white-eyed wolf
Why didn't the one in the Dragon Palace help?
Maybe it was my wishful thinking from start to finish
Rong Dian didn't like me at all
Then our Su family lost the contract for the 10 billion project.
Not promoted to an aristocratic family
So where do we go from here?
Mom, don't worry.
Three years ago, I had nothing.
It can still pull the Su family back from the brink of life and death
This little setback in front of me is nothing at all
Soso, great news.
Qinzhou thirty-third family
At the same time, send a cooperation request to our stage
As of now, the amount should have reached 10 billion
What!